Eligibility Criteria.
Am I eligible for financial support?
If you meet the following criteria, connect with NRC IRAP by calling 1-877-994-4727 to find out if your business is eligible for NRC IRAP support:

you are an incorporated, profit-oriented small or medium-sized business in Canada
you have 500 or fewer full-time equivalent employees
you plan to pursue growth and profit by developing and commercializing innovative, technology-driven new or improved products, services or processes in Canada
To assist us in undertaking preliminary due diligence of your firm to be considered for NRC IRAP support, please have available:

a business plan or pitch deck
a copy of your company financials
resumes or biographies for each member of the management team and technical team on staff

Call us toll-free at 1-877-994-4727 to learn more about NRC IRAP.

Please note the NRC is committed to providing a respectful and harassment-free workplace. No inappropriate behavior, aggression, harassment, or foul language towards our employees will be tolerated. All conversations with anyone behaving in this manner will be immediately terminated.

To assist us in undertaking preliminary due diligence of your firm to be considered for NRC IRAP support, please have available:

a business plan or pitch deck
a copy of your company financials
resumes or biographies for each member of the management team and technical team on staff

https://ontariobusinessgrants.com/purpose-of-funding/working-capital/
2.  Canada Small Business Financing Program (also known as CSBFP) is one of the most popular financing programs for small businesses provided by the Government in Canada.  Who is eligible for applying for the loan. $1,150,000M

The CSBFP is for small and medium-sized businesses meeting the following eligibility criteria:

Business is carried on in Canada, with a place of business in Canada, and assets held in Canada for the purpose of operating the business;
Business must offer its services or products to the public (includes retail and wholesale);
For an existing business: during the fiscal year in which the CSBF loan is approved, its estimated gross annual revenues will not exceed $10 million
For a new business: at the time the CSBF loan is approved, its estimated gross annual revenues during the first 52 weeks of operation will not exceed $10 million.
There are no restrictions as to the principal of a small business. An incorporated small business operating in Canada can be owned by foreign citizens.

What activities are eligible for being financed by the loan?
The CSBFP can be used to finance different aspects of a business. With regards to assets, these are the main ones that can be financed by the CSBFP:

Real property, which includes lands and buildings. This means that businesses can purchase or improve pieces of land and buildings that are used for commercial purposes.
Leasehold improvements. This means that businesses can renovate or improve property they are currently leasing.
Equipment. This means that businesses can purchase or improve equipment, both used and new.
Franchise fees
Goodwill
Inventories
Advertising
Labor, which includes a business’s operating expense

3. Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada (ISED) and FACE (Federation of African Canadian Economics) – Black Entrepreneurship Program – Black Entrepreneurship Loan Fund $250,000

4. BDC Working Capital Financing (2022) - no fixed amount
up to 8 years to repay the loan;
up to 24 months principal postponement at the start of the loan.
When It Ends:
Ongoing

Deadline:
Rolling deadline

Eligibility:

be Canadian citizens or permanent residents;
have reached the age of majority in the province or territory in which they live;
have a business that has been in operations for at least 24 months.

5. https://feddev-ontario.canada.ca/en/funding-southern-ontario/funding-businesses-southern-ontario-how-apply#toc1
By email or at 1-866-593-5505 at any time to express your interest in applying, discuss your needs or to ask questions.
Apply by November 7, 2023 , to be considered for the fall intake.

Permits
Working capital